What did you say?
You want to marry me?
Do you agree or not?
We won't make it to the ceremony anyway
Might as well reel in Ye Qi Lou
That big fish
I agree
Of course I agree
Sorry, everyone
Please wait a moment
Wait for what?
Heard the mistress took over the position
80%
That guy is already messing with another woman
Wedding's off
Wouldn't have come if I'd known
So unlucky
What did you just say?
Say it to my face again
Fine, I’ll say it
A woman like you
who ruins other people’s marriages
is like a rat on the street
that everyone wants to beat
Serves you right
To be dumped by a man
Let’s go, everyone
Today’s wedding
probably won't happen
Let’s go, come on
Get out!
All of you, get out!
Everyone get the hell out!
How pathetic,
Su Man
Why haven’t you left yet?
If I leave,
who will tell you where Đoạn Thiếu Gian is?
You know?
You divorced Ye Ci
because of me, right?
Yes